It's for me to be here.
Thank you for coming.
I believe what I have to share to you.
I mean, everybody, every question is going to say that what they're going to share is the most important thing they've ever heard.
Am I right?
But I really believe that what I want to share to you now might be the most important thing you've ever heard.
Because I want to talk to you about the ultimate secret
to overcoming sin.
You would like to know that?
Yes, sir.
The ultimate secret to overcoming sin.
Now, it's not that God has kept it a secret, okay?
But it's the fact that most people, it eludes them.
I want to be right up front to the very beginning.
I am a sinner and I stroll with sin.
Don't believe anybody that tells you that don't struggle with sin.
Because the Bible is full of human beings, some of those holiest people that ever do God, but all of them you'll notice in the Bible that their painted warts and all, and their failures are there for all.
It was the same God, mine art, and a book for everybody as a whole world to read for history.
But I struggle with sin, and that's why I am bringing to you a message tonight
of a revelation that God has given to me personally.
And it will be not in the first person ever discovered it because I'm not.
But what I mean is I have had a personal revelation of this in my life that has become a secret for me to overcoming sin.
Now, I hope if you, some people at first time here at Sorrows, is it?
Yeah, welcome.
It's my entry.
I don't come here for years.
You don't even have any end to scar us.
So if you've been here at all, or you've been any Christian meetings, you will have heard the message of the gospel, the cross of Jesus Christ.
So the ultimate secret to overcome and sin is what Jesus did on the cross.
Okay.
So we're all the same, we're all fallen people, we're all sure.
And he's the one who was sinless.
He didn't sin less.
He was sinless.
He didn't have anything because he's God in flesh.
He's God in current, God's Son.
And so we died taking our sin, taking a punishment for our sin.
But he didn't just die for our sin.
He didn't just die for us.
He died as us.
You understand?
So the part of you that's trouble with overcoming sin, that old person died from the other day, yesterday because I still struggle with sin, so has died behind him, behind him there with me.
So he died asos, then he was buried, not just for us, but asos.
And he rules again from the dead, not just for us, but asos.
And what that means is the old David lay was crucified with Christ,
Therefore, it's no longer either, though, for Christ who lives in me.
So I died with him, I was buried with him, and I rose again with him, so that it's no longer I who live, but Christ who lives in me.
And the life that I know live, I live by fear in the Son of God, who loved me, and he of itself, for me.
Amen.
So I'd say a lot of you already knew that, that he still struggled with sin.
And then part of the message of the gospel, I think the main part actually, you can say that is, in order to cause us to overcome God, you had to come into us and possess us.
And actually, we die with Christ and come alive in Him.
He lives through us, but we become a new person by the Holy Spirit.
That's what Pentecost, the weekend is all about, where we are dying,
and really rising again, and then he comes and fills us with his own life.
Well, read about the fruit of the Spirit, love, joy, peace, patience, etc.
All of those things are the characteristics of God himself in Jesus Christ lived through us.
So you need to be filled with the Holy Spirit, you need to be filled with the life of God.
You can live us!
Why can you not overcome sin?
Because no we can.
And you can't do it.
You haven't got what it takes.
I could be to tell you that.
But I have to tell myself that.
But sometimes I think that I can live it.
And put myself up in a bamboo straws.
But I have not got what it takes.
And I have lived what some of you have lived.
But I know I'm not worth it.
But I still struggle with overcoming temptation and sin.
So what gives?
What are we missing?
Well, I'm going to tell you the ultimate secret.
Taking all this as foundational.
We're not bypassing it.
It's through the work of the cross, the resurrection, and the spirit that we overcome.
But practically speaking, when sin is sipping in front of me, I am royally tempted.
What do you do?
a sort of drama.
Now, we all want a quick fix.
I'm here to tell you that in one, now there's something that I can give you that on an ongoing basis, you can lay hold of in that moment of temptation, but it has to be an ongoing process in your life for it to be successful.
Okay, so that's the disclaimer right away.
This is not something that, you know, like,
break glass and an emergency.
You know, it's not like that.
This has got to be something that's in your leg every day.
Okay.
Two portions of scripture that I'm going to read from.
First of all, Matthew chapter 17.
And this is known as the transfiguration.
Anybody know what that is?
Okay.
First one of Matthew 17.
Just listen if you don't know the copy of scripture.
After six days Jesus took with him feeder James and John.
the furlough of genes and lay them up behind, miked by themselves.
There he was transfigured before them.
That means transformed.
His appearance was completely changed.
And this is how they describe what happened.
He's transfigured before them.
His face shone like the sun and his crows became as white as light.
Just then there appeared before them, Moses and Elijah talking with Jesus.
You know, who's too fellas?
Our Moses, the great man of God, part of the Red Sea, was given the laws of God, the Ten Commanders, Elijah, who is considered the greatest of the prophets.
There they are, starting to open to Jesus.
Jesus told me to transform, growing his faith, his clothes.
Peter said to Jesus, Lord, it is good for us to be here.
If you wish, I will put up three shelters, one for you, one for Moses, one for Elijah.
And why need you still speaking?
A bright cloud covered down.
on a voice from the client said, this is my son, whom I love.
With him I am well pleased.
Listen to him.
When the disciples heard this, they felt this dying to the grind, terrified.
But Jesus came and touched them, get them, he said, don't be free.
And when they looked up,
they saw no one except Jesus.
Okay?
Can I put that in your memory mind?
And then over to second Corinthians three, just two verses from second Corinthians three, George quarter that we're thinking in this prayer.
Now, the Lord is the spirit.
And where the spirit of the Lord is, there is freedom.
Are you afraid tonight?
And we all, who with unveiled faces, contemplate the Lord's glory are being transformed into His image, with ever-increasing glory, which comes from the Lord who is the Spirit.
Okay?
Actually, I'll now go through it.
Now the problem I am of with sin is it's enjoyable.
You're going to have to say that, you know, actually the Bible says that the Hebrew says that Moses did not want to enjoy the pleasures of sin for his season.
And so it admits that there is pleasure.
But the problem is that pleasure doesn't last and the pleasure has consequences.
But the problem is it is enjoyable.
And we as human beings were made for pleasure.
I'm a good at this.
We are wired.
It's it's ingrained in our psychology, our brains, our nervous systems, even our physiology.
We like sensory experiences and not only do we like it, we have been designed to like it.
We create social interaction because that's the way we've been made.
We've been created to appreciate beauty, abstract concepts like art.
Who likes delicious food?
Yeah, we have some tonight from Glanda's Delicapal and the smell of perfume or roses, a coon braise on a one day or a beautiful hot red sunset and even tired.
We enjoy it all because we were made by God to enjoy it.
I don't want to
We get into too much detail here tonight.
But the average human being has between 2000 to 10,000 teaspoons on their tongue.
So if food was just all about, you know, fuel and then, like the garage and energy out, why would God speckle our tongues with almost 10,000 teaspoons so that our brains would explode whenever we eat beautiful food?
Now, I don't want to get too graphic here.
But the Neo and the female sexual organs have a lot of nerve endings.
I'm not going to the details.
But all of it is designed in order that we should enjoy that process of reproduction and love.
I mean, if you get uncomfortable, I'm sorry, but read songs and songs.
Then see how uncomfortable you get the book and the Bible.
God designed love.
rural mountains and sexuality.
We were needed for pleasure.
So loathe, identity, meaning, worth, a sense of satisfaction and pleasure, all these things are what we are searching for, every single one of us.
And because sin is pleasurable, we find it there, or we think we find
C.S.
Lewis, you know him from Belfast, the great author, but he's a wonderful Christian thinker.
This is what he said, it would seem that our Lord finds our desires not too strong, but too weak.
We are half-hearted creatures, fooling about with drink and sex and ambition, when infinite joy is offered us, like an ignorant child who wants to go on making mud pies in a slung,
because he cannot imagine what is meant by the offer of a holiday at the sea.
We are far too easily pleased.
What do you think if God said to you?
Your problem is not your lust be your thirst or your hunger for their own things or your desire curiosity.
Your problem is your desire is not strong enough and you're satisfied with lesser things.
What would you say if God said to you?
Actually, you see that thing that causes you to crave what's destroying you.
I need that thing in you.
But I made it for me.
I made it for you to crave me.
Here's the secret.
The ultimate secret to overcoming sin, the only way you replace one attraction is to replace it with a greater one.
Did you get that?
The only way, and you can go through the whole gospel ABC, and I believe it, and you need it, but the only way to replace that
Magnetic attraction that you've fallen down before time after time again is with a greater attraction.
The only way to replace a beauty is with a greater beauty, something more beautiful.
The only way to replace that pleasure is to replace it with a more pleasurable and satisfying one.
It's like a greater light eclipsing a lesser light.
It's the idea of a greater force pushing out a lesser force, a greater presence over and above, a lesser presence.
And I look up metaphors to describe this.
Why is it you don't see the stars in the morning?
Because the light of a song totally eclipses the light of the stars.
And those stars are pretty bright, but the sun is brighter.
So that's why you can't see it.
like a bonfire that eclipses a match or a lighthouse against a firefly or the thunder that drowns out a whisper or a tale we have swallowing a little ripple in the shore or the volume of an orchestra drowning out your whistle
Our search for beauty, for love, for satisfaction, for pleasure.
Ask yourself right now, what is the thing behind the thing?
And so you need to stop condemning yourself for the drive that you have within you, that is so strong for satisfaction, for pleasure, for the longings that you have.
But asked yourself, what is the thing buying the thing?
What is it that you're really searching for deep dying?
Have any of you ever watched?
You know what a TED talk is?
There's a 10 minute talk on various subjects and loads of videos on them.
And the theme is it went viral TED talk on addiction.
It's fabulous.
You should show it sometime.
But as punchline is this, the opposite of addiction is not sobriety.
The opposite of addiction is connect.
Yes.
When you talk about an experiment, a rat experiment, which was done with water, leaves with cocaine, ordinary water, and these rats were in an empty cage, and the rats always went over to the cocaine water.
He realized this is not true experiment.
There needed to be other rats in the caves.
They needed to be apparatus and level amusement things for the rats to do.
And then the rats met it and they had children and they, you know, and it turned out when they had more activity and more to live for and more engagement and more connection, they didn't go anymore to the waterness of cocaine.
They went to the ordinary war.
And that's what he's saying.
The opposite of addiction is not sobriety.
The opposite of addiction is connection.
Listen to what someone said.
It was attributed to John Flavalle period, but it wasn't kind of thing.
It was a guy called Maurice Roberts.
Listen to this.
Ecstasy and delight are essential to the believer's soul.
And they promote sanctification, which is just a big word for loneliness.
or purely.
Am yerpita, ecstasy and delight are essential to the believer's story, and they promote holiness.
We were not meant to live without spiritual acceleration, and the Christian who goes for a long time without the experience of heartwarming will soon find himself tempted to have his emotions satisfied from earthly things and not as he walked from the spirit of God.
The soul is so constituted that it craves fulfillment from things outside itself, and will embrace earthly joys for satisfaction when it cannot reach spiritual ones.
The believer is in spiritual danger if he allows himself to go for any life of time with our tasting the love of Christ and savoring the felt comforts of a Savior's presence.
When Christ ceases to fill the heart with satisfaction, our souls will go in silent search of honor lovers.
By the enjoyment of the love of Christ and the heart of a believer, we mean an experience of Romans 5, 5, the love of God shed abroad in our hearts by the Holy Ghost which is given to us.
You were beard to lover.
You were made a lover.
You were made to love good food.
You were made to love good art, good literature, good music.
You were made to love good feelings, good senses.
But ultimately, all of those loves were meant to point you to the ultimate love, which is Jesus Christ, and to have your soul filled up
That's what they experienced in the amount of transfiguration.
And yet, even though they saw Jesus Christ, it was as if this divinity burst forth from his body, his glory that it was shielded and vealed in human flesh, and exploded.
And they saw Peter, James, and John up in the mountain.
And what does Peter do?
As usually he puts his foot in his mouth, and he says, right, this is amazing.
Let's build a little shelter, a tabernacle, a temple of worship.
for Elijah Moses and Jesus, and God breaks the sin that he says, this is my beloved son with whom I am pleased.
Do you know what that means?
He is a dog.
Jesus is enough for God the Father to listen to him.
And then say when the crowd disappeared, Elijah was gone.
and Moses was born, and they saw Jesus.
I don't know.
Why do you think this point was?
It's all about that.
But it's all about seeing it.
Not just believing.
Do you get believe people all over?
I don't believe about this here.
Proversants, Catholics, you know.
But do they see a seaver?
Jesus Christ.
Cole put a second in three or second reading.
We're the spirit of the world.
It's a spirit of the world.
How do you get that freedom?
Well, we don't have a veil anymore between us and God, because Jesus has revealed God to us.
And then it says, but as we contemplate him, theist to theist as we seaver his beauty,
We are changed from glory to glory into the same image.
What?
You are made like Jesus.
I sort of says, but it doesn't come to just Tekken boxes.
I believe he died for me.
I believe he rose for me.
I believe that all these birds come.
It doesn't come that way.
It comes from seeing.
I'm telling you not.
That's the only thing that has worked for me.
I've known all that since I was a wee boy.
In fact, for as long as I can remember, I've known about the gospel.
That's a great privilege, but that didn't do it for me.
And I'll get me into trouble saying that, but that didn't do it for me.
You know what did it for me?
Knowing him.
Not knowing the gospel.
I see.
There's a wee verse in 2nd Corinthians
Chapter 7, verse 1, and it says, therefore, since we have these promises, dear friends, let us purify ourselves from everything that can dominate its body, its unspirit, perfecting holiness out of fear of God, or reverence of God.
He's heard of fear of God.
He's heard of fear of thought.
What do you think your fear of God is?
Oh, yeah.
Well, I brought up, and it takes something you remember where, you know,
I taught the fear of God.
And you know that, that was, it was, you know, we're going to get a feeling.
Or in the church, it was often, you know, I'm a free of God.
Can I tell you that?
That is not what the fear of God is.
Now, if God should appear, right, what will all be on the face?
Probably.
But it wouldn't be like, give me out of here a fear thing it would be, as you said, oh,
Uh, it's a kind of one car.
It's an overwhelming excitement.
It's goosebumps.
It's more like a white knuckle right type of fear, you know, like the ultimate roller coaster.
And this is the secret.
That's supposed to send Brandon Sand verse one.
He's agreeing with what everything that I've said.
But you know the point I'm making the more in all you are.
The more in all you are, the more pressure it brings.
I have a few people I end up with, they're a bit round on a job piece.
You know these not kids, they're the jump off-cuffs.
We have no power shits, just wings like Batman, and I don't understand that.
I look pale and freaked in the ground.
But the point is, they can't act on that, the trail of awe and wonder.
And we don't need to be
I try not to jump, but that test is when you're in oil, something that will bring you pleasure.
And the more you practice the richer it gets.
Here's the new splash.
That is the opposite to the diminishing effect of sin.
You get monsoon?
There are gateway drugs.
You know this, don't you?
Negatine, kind of us, and sometimes then the buzz doesn't do it for years when you do.
You graduate to a harder job to get the buzz.
You always chasing that buzz.
Isn't it amazing that the more you're in awe of Jesus Christ, the more you taste it as well.
The more you see His glory, the more you have pleasure in Him.
It's the opposite, it increases over and over and over again.
So did you get farther and farther away from that attraction?
To the false.
Is this alcohol?
Yes, I know.
It's like changing.
Whereas alcohol, drugs, pornography, gambling, any form of immorality, it takes a greater height or place the last one because it diminishes.
But they all of God in Jesus Christ goes from glory to glory to glory, not His access light.
And I'm telling you, you have no idea what happened this life.
But you don't have Him can come down in a dear soul.
If you haven't heard that, what are you struggling with tonight?
Someone you ate at your sham?
that is getting in the way.
And righte, that she never be in the way.
We have told people you're sent separate you from God.
I'm not sure that's true.
I mean, in the way people say it.
To me, that's the opposite of this.
To me, that's the opposite of when I don't need head in the garden of Eden.
because of their shame.
And God comes over and over, where are you?
Did that separate yet?
There were consequences in fact, our fellowship with God.
But the concept that that gives us are sent separates from God.
And it's like, God's way over there.
He is watching us.
He's like, that's all.
By the way, she says he's out there, I hope.
You don't have to walk there, every day I'm dying, you don't have to go down there and bring him up.
He's right beside you.
He's even in your mouth that if you confess with your mouth, the Lord Jesus Christ and believe in your heart of God raised him from the dead, you will be saved.
If there's shame keeping you from, you know you need to experience.
I don't know what this is about your local ship.
It's a young man struggling with an addiction online.
You know what it is.
I always say, it's why we were still sinners.
Christ died for us.
And He's not sinned.
And actually end up, and He feels the arms of Father.
I spoke.
I'd go for it this.
I heard a person say this.
He feels the arms of Father God.
Come on over there.
in that moment.
The last week I heard of the same thing, but this time, it was young man again, right as you wrote one.
You name it.
And he hears in his mental spiritual ear, Jesus loves me.
This I know.
He closed the locktop and now was the first step of his recovery from addiction.
Doing the love of Jesus shed abroad in your heart because she knew him.
And you've seen him.
Eric Delmore put his brandy hand and said, the things about you that make you cringe the most.
The things about you that make you cringe the most makes him half of you the most.
Some of you shove him out.
My quote, if he Romans 5, 5, and the message translates to the love of God, shed of other hearts, but who he spurt, he puts like this, we can't round up enough containers to hold everything God generously tours into our lives through the Holy Spirit.
We can't round up enough content.
That's the love of God.
For you.
Now listen.
You didn't believe her yet.
But you know what I'm going to do right now?
We're going to pray.
And I want to pray for Jesus.
To show up for you.
And reveal his heart to you.
And to eclipse whatever your great passion, pleasure, indulgence, desire, and I've got mine in the human realm.
I'm going to ask him to do that.
And if you're happy with life, you can open your heart to it.
I'd let him do it.
And I tell you, I'm counting on it.
Hold the truth, enough about the truth.
So I'll be God, this is the
only the ultimate way to overcome sin.
It's the greater glory and the greater beauty and the greater power and presence of Jesus.
Now, it's my help to close your eyes because you don't believe me, you don't believe me, you don't believe me, you don't believe me, you don't believe me.
Okay?
Close your eyes.
Everybody close your eyes.
And it may even be good for you to pray, but I'll pray for you more.
But why don't you pray, Lord Jesus, for evil yourself to me, in all your love, your glory, your splendor,
Majesty and beauty.
Fell of the deep emptiness of my heart that I have tried to fill with other thanks.
And some of you just watch, you may even see something.
God made
Jesus might show you something of himself.
Take a moment.
I'm going to finish.
Just take a moment.
Lord, I pray that you will lay yourself to people in this room.
In your beauty, your glory, your love, your, your grace.
Jesus.
I want you to do something else.
If you're in a space with Jesus right now, just you and I go with Him.
But if you not sin, then you think nothing's changed.
It's okay to free you.
Ask Him.
Have you anything that you want to say to me?
And whatever you hear,
in your mind your spirit.
Believe it's from him.
If it's good, it's kind and it's the love of God.
So pray that Lord Jesus, have you anything to say to me?
And I believe the Lord Jesus is springing to people here.
And we're not going to embarrass you or anything.
You cherish anything that Jesus is saying to you.
It will give life to you.
It will fill you.
It will feed you.
It will heal you.
And can I tell you something?
See what we've just done.
You can do that yourself at home.
And you know what you can do, right?
Memories.
of abuse, accidents, trauma, you can go to those places that haunt you with Jesus and ask him to be in Southeast.
And you can ask him to speak into that situation.
That's where he can come from.
And there could be someone here, and this is only
so fond to you.
It's not okay.
It's one of the most people to be almost, but you maybe don't even know if you are a Christian.
You've maybe never said, oh, Lord, I'm sorry for my sins and I thank you.
Are you for my moves again?
Well, do that now.
Just say, Lord, please.
I want to start this journey with you.
Forgive me and I want to confess you, Lord.
I thank you, you die for me, and your love is so great, and I want to start this journey with you now.
Do that now.
Or if you wander away from the Lord, come back to him.
Return to the Lord tonight.
Confess your sin.
He's so good with the faithful to forgive us, and I thank you.
And I'm going to pray for you.
never finished.
Oh, you couldn't be clearer.
You want us to focus on Jesus.
You want us to see Him only.
And you want us to keep looking and keep holding Him and contemplating Him and following Him in love with Him over and over.
So would you reveal to people's spurts in this place, the beauty of Christ, the glory of Him?
Lord Jesus, you're wonder by His spread.
And I pray now, pour Holy Spirit, the love of God, the Father.
And Jesus, His Son, into our hearts, fill us up to overflowing that we would be drunk with the love of God.
drunk with the joy of the Lord.
Spaced right with the pace that is beyond comprehension in our minds and in our hearts.
See Jesus Christ.
Lord, this is what we were made for.
This is what it's all about.
Jesus, this is what you died for, that we would have our cuffs overflowing, that we would have life and abundance.
Lord, give us that life.
The devil is always day long enough with these people in this room.
And with me, I'm with all the rest of us.
Lord, give us this life and made freedom come.
Let the chance break.
I'm not through harassment much, but through the love, the greater force, the greater part of love.
Lord Jesus, shut up.
We love you all.
We love you because you love us.
We thank you for your love.
Oh, the Lord, just one heart's right now.
One heart's right now.
And pour it like liquid oil, lad love, into those deep crevices of hurt and pain and disappointment and failure and shame.
Just fell with your love and your spirit.
Folks, breathe deep the love of God.
Breathe deep the love of God.
Drink in the love of God.
Your spiritual eyes and ears behold and listen to the work of God, the living Christ.
Listen and look, behold God.
It's right in front.